I'm toast, and I prefer to move on on me, and it just happened to be right now.
This is Kesta.
The man you married a year ago, come out and meet me right away to discuss her divorce.
Hello? Mr. Miller, I'm sorry.
You two can finish today.
Yes, sir.
Yes, sir. Holy crap, gonna miss the flight.
Sorry, guys. I'm sorry. I've been working extra hours.
Why do you work overtime every day? Is your boss running a sweatshop?
No bad works, my boss. He's the best boss in the world.
Oh, Ginny, you've suddenly become so defensive for him.
Is there something going on between you two?
What are you doing?
To find out if you smell of men.
No smell of men, only medications.
What's with the burns? Who did this to you?
What's sort of a bitch to this to you? I'll finish him.
Save it, you guys. I've already sent him to prison.
This is Kesta.
The man you married a year ago, come out and meet me right away to discuss her divorce.